README.md, before:

Rails Admin Map Field
=====================

rails_admin_map_field is a gem that works with sferik's **rails_admin** (https://github.com/sferik/rails_admin) to provide an easy to use Google Maps interface for displaying and setting geographic co-ordinates in a model.

Where a latitude and longitude is set on the model, it is indicated by a marker shown on a Google map centered at the marker. The administrator can change the value of these fields by clicking on the desired new location on the map.

Usage
=====

rails_admin_map_field expects that the model will have two attributes, one for latitude and one for longitude of the point represented. To enable rails_admin_map_field, add the following to your `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem "rails_admin_map_field", :git => "git://github.com/jasonl/rails_admin_map_field.git"
```

Then, add in your `config/initializers/rails_admin.rb` initializer:

```ruby
RailsAdmin.config do |config|
  config.model User do
    edit do
      field :latitude, :map
    end
  end
end
```

**Note**: The field which is set as a map-type field must be the latitude field, not the longitude. By default, rails_admin_map_field will guess that the longitude field is called "longitude".

Configuration
=============

For different configurations, rails_admin_map_field can be configured with the following:

- `longitude_field` - the name of the longitude field that forms the the co-ordinate with the latitude field specified. Defaults to "longitude"
- `google_api_key` - if you use a Google Maps API Key, it can be specified here.
- `default_latitude` - the latitude to center the map shown on if the latitude field is blank. Defaults to 51.5, the latitude of London, UK.
- `default_longitude` - the longitude used if the longitude field is blank. Defaults to -0.126, the longitude of London, UK.

A more complicated configuration example:

```ruby
RailsAdmin.config do |config|
  config.model Point do
    edit do
      field :lat, :map do
        longitude_field :lon
        google_api_key "a1b2c3d4e5f6deadbeef"
        default_latitude -34.0  # Sydney, Australia
        default_longitude 151.0
      end
    end
  end
end
```

LICENSE
=======
rails_admin_map_field is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (C) 2011 by Jason Langenauer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Adding more map options
Adding field options for adjust width and height.
Adding google map api options
- Draggable
- Scroll wheel zoom
- Zoom control
- Street view control
- Fixed marker (aka read_only marker)
- Disable double click zoom

README.md, after:

Rails Admin Map Field
=====================

rails_admin_map_field is a gem that works with sferik's **rails_admin** (https://github.com/sferik/rails_admin) to provide an easy to use Google Maps interface for displaying and setting geographic co-ordinates in a model.

Where a latitude and longitude is set on the model, it is indicated by a marker shown on a Google map centered at the marker. The administrator can change the value of these fields by clicking on the desired new location on the map.

Usage
=====

rails_admin_map_field expects that the model will have two attributes, one for latitude and one for longitude of the point represented. To enable rails_admin_map_field, add the following to your `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem "rails_admin_map_field", :git => "git://github.com/jasonl/rails_admin_map_field.git"
```

Then, add in your `config/initializers/rails_admin.rb` initializer:

```ruby
RailsAdmin.config do |config|
  config.model User do
    edit do
      field :latitude, :map
    end
  end
end
```

**Note**: The field which is set as a map-type field must be the latitude field, not the longitude. By default, rails_admin_map_field will guess that the longitude field is called "longitude".

Configuration
=============

For different configurations, rails_admin_map_field can be configured with the following:

- `longitude_field` - the name of the longitude field that forms the the co-ordinate with the latitude field specified. Defaults to "longitude"
- `google_api_key` - if you use a Google Maps API Key, it can be specified here.
- `default_latitude` - the latitude to center the map shown on if the latitude field is blank. Defaults to 51.5, the latitude of London, UK.
- `default_longitude` - the longitude used if the longitude field is blank. Defaults to -0.126, the longitude of London, UK.
- `draggable` - when to enable draggable map. Default true.
- `scrollwheel` - when to enable scrolling map with mouse wheel. Default true.
- `zoom_control` - when to enable zoom control on top of map. Default true.
- `street_view_control` - when to enable street_view option. Default true.
- `fixed_marker` - when to disable relocating the marker (like read_only true). Default false.
- `disable_double_click_zoom` - when to disable zoom with mouse double click. Default false.
- `width` - map width in px. Default 300.
- `height` - map height in px. Default 200.

A more complicated configuration example:

```ruby
RailsAdmin.config do |config|
  config.model Point do
    edit do
      field :lat, :map do
        longitude_field :lon
        google_api_key "a1b2c3d4e5f6deadbeef"
        default_latitude -34.0  # Sydney, Australia
        default_longitude 151.0
        zoom_control false
      end
    end
  end
end
```

LICENSE
=======
rails_admin_map_field is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (C) 2011 by Jason Langenauer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
